BLUE team's GK made a spectacular save! 
Player F2 of BLUE team goes after the ball. RED team has to follow him.
RED's GK made a super save!
Players struggle to possess the ball.
RED's F2 quickly blocks BLUE's D2's way to the ball.
Nice dribble by BLUE's D1.
Finally RED's F2 catches the ball. he gets a good chance.
That was a strong kick by BLUE's F1.
BLUE's F2 drgas a shot!!
RED team's player GK once again doing his job!
Why is RED's D2 freezing? He has to defend quickly.
BLUE's F2 makes a quick pass to BLUE's F1.
That was unpexected pass from BLUE's D1 to F2.
Player F2 of BLUE team boots the ball.
Player D2 of BLUE penetrates into the RED team's field.
BLUE team's players goes after the ball.
Player D1 of BLUE team tries to get the ball out of the corner.
It's very close to seeing an own-goal.
Why is no one getting the ball?
BLUE's pass turned into a failure, giving away the ball to RED's D2.
BLUE's D1 kicks the ball to
BLUE's F2's quick movement takes the ball, a good chance to attack.
RED's D1 kicks the ball away from the their area.
BLUE's F1 spins a little while. It must be due to collision with the wall.
BLUE's F1 and D1 collide going for the ball.
BLUE team snuffs out the threat.
Many players are chasing after the ball.
BLUE team's D2 attempts to pass the ball.
Someone has to get the ball.
It seems that two players' sign was different.
The ball slips away from RED's F1 during the pass.
RED team's player D1 boots the ball toward the wall.
That was a powerful kick by BLUE's F2.
RED's player F2 kicks the ball.
Great chance to score for the BLUE team.
D2 of RED team boots the ball.
RED's GK pushes the ball away from their net.
RED's F1 and BLUE's D1 struggle to take the ball around BLUE team's penalty box.
RED teams should defend BLUE team's movement around the net.
BLUE team needs a defense. The ball is getting close to the net.
BLUE's attackers is heading towards ball. RED team have to defend.
BLUE players are taking quick, light steps.
The ball is headed by BLUE's goal.
BLUE team's players bumped into each other. I think BLUE team has a poor communication.
BLUE's F2 touches the ball.
BLUE's D1 gets the ball out of the corner.
Someone has to get the ball to lead the game.Players from both team are having a tussle for the ball.
Now BLUE's F2 kicks the ball.
Many players struggle to get the ball.
Oh! That was a skillful steal for RED's D2.
Why D1 of BLUE passing to the RED team?
The ball just passes by many players.
BLUE team's player F1 has the ball for a chance to score.
Finally, BLUE's F2 is taking the chance.
BLUE's F1 is boxing out RED's D1.
BLUE's D1 defends his team by kicking the ball away. 
RED's D1 kicks the ball away, not letting any chance for BLUE team to score.
BLUE team's player D2 dribbles in their area.
RED's F1 shot is blocked by BLUE's D2
BLUE's D2 safely pushes away.
Can you believe this? He has done it!
No player has been able to get the ball. Let's see who ends up with it.
F2 of BLUE makes pass mistake.
RED's D2 is chasing after the ball.
Players are crowded around the ball.
Player D1 of blue team dribbles in their area.
Who will have the ball ownership?
Player F1 from BLUE team kicks the ball hard.
Player F2 of BLUE has the ball in a good position.
BLUE's F2's run is stopped by RED's D2. BLUE team's attack is blocked.
Player F2 kicks the ball.
It is a magic moment from BLUE's D2!!!
F2 of RED team is following the ball for a chance of scoring.
BLUE's D1 takes the ball. BLUE team prepares for attack.
BLUE team's F1 has the ball.
The game officially starts.
Many players bumped into each other and ball got away.
RED's D2 drives to the ball. 
Player of D1 tries to through pass. It can makes a good chance. 
Oh, no! How pitiful of RED team's GK to score an own goal.
After the BLUE team's own goal, the game is ready to resume.
BLUE's F1 attempts to back pass using the wall.
Player F1 of BLUE team conflict with wall and fall down.
RED's F2 drags a shot!
BLUE's D1 dribbles the ball in their area.
RED's D1 and BLUE's F1 struggle to take the ball.
RED's F1 kicks the ball into the empty space.
Strike by player GK of RED team pushes the ball away from their goalpost.
Many players from both team swarm towards the ball.
BLUE's F1 steals the ball, breaking the RED team's defense.
The ball takes a hard hit off of the wall.
How clever it is to pass the ball to RED's GK!
Shoooooooooooot!!!
Good shot made by BLUE's D1!
F1 of RED team slip a pass to RED's F2.
RED team's F1 steals the ball, breaking the BLUE team's defense.
BLUE's D2
Player F1 of RED shoots the ball!
Many players from both team are closing in on the ball from all angles.
F1 of RED gets the ball in his team's field.
The ball runs through to RED's GK.
SHOOT!!!
BLUE's D1 passes the ball to F2 using the wall.
BLUE's F2 misses the pass.
Fortunately, GK of BLUE team saves the team.
Wondering which team will take the ball.
What an off the wall kick by D2 of BLUE team!
Poor speed for RED's F2, as F2 was not able to get to the ball.
BLUE's F2 should get the ball out of the corner to fire a shot.
BLUE team's player F2 attempts to through pass.
With no one around it, the ball has reached RED side of the field.
Player F1 of BLUE couldn't receive the pass from D1.
BLUE's F2 shoots for a goal at quite a long distance!
BLUE's F2's ball is heading toward the net.
BLUE's D1 carries the ball for a while.
RED's D1 pushes the ball away using the wall.
The goalkeeper blocked the shot nicely. That's great!
BLUE's F1 catches the ball.
After BLUE team's loss, the game is ready to resume.
Dribble by BLUE's D2.
After RED team's loss, the game is ready to resume.
Quick defense has to be made.
BLUE's D1 is leading the ball.
SHOOT!
The ball is now at D2.
BLUE team's F1 has the ball.
BLUE team tries to attack the RED team.
BLUE's D2 gets the ball out of the corner, defending their team.
BLUE team has the ball for a chance to score. 
Finally, BLUE's F2 is chasing after the ball.
After realizing that BLUE's F2 couldn't shoot in that direction, he passes the ball backward.
Mistake from BLUE's D1, he did wrong pass.
BLUE team gets ready to attack.
BLUE's F1 kicks the ball toward his team's field to protect it from being stolen.
BLUE's F1 and D2 bumped into each other and ball got away.
BLUE's D1 is heading towards the ball.
Ouch! Player F1 of BLUE team flipped during the collision.
BLUE's F2 drives fast to the ball.
What a smooth defense by D1 of BLUE team.
D1 of BLUE are trying to catch the ball.
Player F2 of BLUE team runs toward the ball.
Player F2 of RED team boots the ball.
RED's D1 kicks the ball.
RED's D1 is looking to pass the ball to a teammate.
BLUE's F2 is aiming the ball to the net.
F1 of BLUE team tries to attack RED team near the penalty box.
The game kick off now!!
BLUE's F1 dribbles with light steps.
BLUE's F2 has the ball. RED team have to defend.
RED team safely pushes away.
